COVID-19 Data Analysis
Our team name is Sky and Sea and the purpose of this science gateway will be to catalog the vaccinated portions of Illinois and to identify areas where progress on vaccinations is being made. The questions we asked ourselves to help us organize our data were: How do the vaccination rates of Illinois counties compare with each other? Are there similarities in how larger areas (combinations of county regions) receive COVID-19 vaccinations?, and Is there a plateau on vaccination rate? If so, when did it begin to occur? We found our data from https://www.dph.illinois.gov/covid19/vaccinedata?county=Illinois and https://idph.illinois.gov/DPHPublicInformation/api/COVIDExport/GetVaccineAdministration?countyname=. Using the questions we posed we looked for variables in the data that we wanted to investigate futher. We created a graph that compares the number of vaccines adminstered to Illinois and the persons fully vaccinated. As the graph demonstrates a lot of people were getting vaccinated between March and May, but it has slowly started to plateau in June. The map shows the areas where vaccination rates are growing. 
After observing the data and organizing it into a graph and map we can see that only about 50% of people are vaccinated compared to the population of Illinois. Vaccination rates were greatly increasing between March and May, but they are staring to plateu now in June and July.This data is important because Illinois needs to contiue to increase its vaccination rates so more people can stay healthy and we can continue to re-open safely and hopefully one day go back to normal life. 


